IP Addresses
Which of the following IP Addresses are possible? Explain (yes/no) for each answer choice.
Yes, all numbers are between 0 - 255, 1.1.1.1.1
Yes, all numbers are between 0 - 255, 23.23.23.23
No, 492 is not a number between 0 - 255, 134.492.100.0
No, 492 is not a number between 0 - 255, 255.256.55.255
Yes, all numbers are between 0 - 255, 2.93.255.19

If Dian Du is at home on his home network and sends a message to every computer on the network, what is this an example of? Explain.

Broadcast, it is distrabution of a single stream of data to every other device  

Models

Three of the four following protocols are on the same layer. Identify which ones and what layer they are on, and why they are on each layer:

ASCII (see above for information)
FTP (facilitates transfer of files over the internet)
TLS (see HTTPS section)
USB (permits data exchange between electronics)

USB - Physical Layer, is though physical cords
TLS - Application Layer, Communicates between server and user, user interaction
FTP - Application Layer, interaction of user and files
ASCII - Application Layer, interaction of user and text

Telnet is a internet protocol which allows remote access to other computers over a local network or the internet. What layer of the OSI model would this protocol be located on? What is the function of this layer?

DNS
Bob wants to use the domain bob.is.the.best.com. What domain should he buy from a DNS provider (assume it is available)? What would be the subdomains?
The subdomains would be "bob.is.the.best" and should by it from the domain ".com"

HTTP and HTTPS
What is a difference between HTTP and HTTPS?
The difference between http and https is that http lacks securtiy and https does not

What protocol does HTTPS use that HTTP doesn’t?
HTTPS follows SSL/TLS, Security 

Last trimester we sent HTTP requests for our passion projects
Did we use HTTP or HTTPS?
We used HTTPS with SSL security

What are the benefits and disadvantages of this?
HTTPS is longer to set up but is more secure than HTTP

TCP and UDP
Bob is setting up a video streaming service, and he needs the stream to be real time.
What protocol should he use, TCP or UDP? Why?
UDP, is a much faster way of streaming data fits his real time needs

What are some cons of this protocol? Give an example of a potential issue.
If Bob has this as a subscription service, hackers could gain access to the content for free

TCP has error checking, which ensures that all packets arrive properly. Why is this important?
This is important because the handshake needs for a specific order of sent messages between the 2 computers, otherwise it would break the protocal.

Give an example of how TCP ensures that there are no errors.
TCP ensures there are no errors through segmenting the bits it sends. It first sends 1/2 of the data to Server B before getting a responce back before sending the remaining 1/2 to Server B

Server A computer is communicating with Server B. They have already initiated communication and Server A is now attempting to send data to Server B.
How does Server B ensure that they have received any sent packets before Server A continues sending packets in TCP? In UDP?
What is another use of this?

Server B checks this though sending a SYN, ACK package, a use of this could be in forums, where you need to make sure that a person does exist before posting.
